Document virtualenv support for MLflow Models (#5696)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/source/models.rst

Additional Logged Files
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> For environment recreation, we automatically log ``conda.yaml``, ``python_env.yaml``, and ``requirements.txt`` files whenever a model is logged. These files can then be used to reinstall dependencies using one of ``conda``, ``virtualenv``, and ``pip``.

Reviewer: `one of` isn't quite accurate here, since virtualenv + pip will be used together.

```suggestion
For environment recreation, we automatically log ``conda.yaml``, ``python_env.yaml``, and ``requirements.txt`` files whenever a model is logged. These files can then be used to reinstall dependencies using ``conda`` or ``virtualenv`` with ``pip``.
```

Author: Fixed!

conda.yaml
    When saving a model, MLflow provides the option to pass in a conda environment parameter that can contain dependencies used by the model. If no conda environment is provided, a default environment is created based on the flavor of the model. This conda environment is then saved in ``conda.yaml``.
python_env.yaml

>     This file contains the following information that's required to restore a model environment using virtualenv.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This file contains the following information that's required to restore a model environment using virtualenv:
```

Author: Fixed!

    - Python version

>     - Pip requirements for ``pip``, ``setuptools``, and ``wheel``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Version specifiers for ``pip``, ``setuptools``, and ``wheel``
```

Author: That sounds more accurate, thanks!

    - Pip requirements of the model (reference to ``requirements.txt``)

requirements.txt

>     The requirements file is created from the `pip portion <https://www.anaconda.com/blog/using-pip-in-a-conda-environment>`_ of the ``conda.yaml`` environment specification. Additional pip dependencies can be added to ``requirements.txt`` by including them as a pip dependency in a conda environment and logging the model with the environment. 

Reviewer: `Additional pip dependencies can be added to ``requirements.txt`` by including them as a pip dependency in a conda environment and logging the model with the environment`

Can we also update this to tell users that they can add new pip reqs using the `pip_requirements` arg?

Author: Sure, what do you think about this?

```diff
diff --git a/docs/source/models.rst b/docs/source/models.rst
index 9727ca1e5..b65f66bd2 100644
--- a/docs/source/models.rst
+++ b/docs/source/models.rst
@@ -136,7 +136,7 @@ python_env.yaml
     - Pip requirements of the model (reference to ``requirements.txt``)
 
 requirements.txt
-    The requirements file is created from the `pip portion <https://www.anaconda.com/blog/using-pip-in-a-conda-environment>`_ of the ``conda.yaml`` environment specification. Additional pip dependencies can be added to ``requirements.txt`` by including them as a pip dependency in a conda environment and logging the model with the environment. 
+    The requirements file is created from the `pip portion <https://www.anaconda.com/blog/using-pip-in-a-conda-environment>`_ of the ``conda.yaml`` environment specification. Additional pip dependencies can be added to ``requirements.txt`` by including them as a pip dependency in a conda environment and logging the model with the environment or using the ``pip_requirements`` argument of the `mlflow.<flavor>.log_model` API.
```

Reviewer: Perfect!

      - scikit-learn==0.23.2
      - cloudpickle==1.6.0

The written ``python_env.yaml`` file:

.. code-block:: yaml

>     python: 3.8.8
>     build_dependencies:
>     - pip==21.1.3
>     - setuptools==57.4.0
>     - wheel==0.37.0
>     dependencies:
>     - -r requirements.txt

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    python: 3.8.8
    build_dependencies:
      - pip==21.1.3
      - setuptools==57.4.0
      - wheel==0.37.0
    dependencies:
      - -r requirements.txt
```
does this render ok with yaml-style indentations?

Author: Yep!

Author: Fixed!

    mlflow models predict --help
    mlflow models build-docker --help

Environment Management Tools
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

MLflow currently supports the following environment management tools to restore model environments:

local

>     Use the local environment. No extra tools are required.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    Use the local environment. There are no extra tools required.
```

Author: Quick investigation:

<img width="898" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17039389/163400975-212b272a-0607-4b7f-9b19-4da8387388a1.png">

<img width="898" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17039389/163401039-2e121f15-068d-47c6-9097-fcb7fc151e1a.png">

Reviewer 3: OK `No extra tools are required` sounds good

Reviewer: Both options are great! Thanks for the investigation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Use the current local environment without modifying or installing any packages. No extra tools are required.
```

conda

>     Create environments using conda. conda is required.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Create environments using conda. Conda must be installed for this mode of environment reconstruction.
```

Author: Fixed!

>     Create environments using conda. conda is required.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Create environments using conda. Conda must be installed for this mode of environment reconstruction.
```

Author: Fixed!

    - `conda installation instructions <https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/install/index.html>`_
virtualenv

>     .. note::

Reviewer 2: nit: do we need spaces around note blocks?

Author: I think we do :)

Author: Removed the space above `.. note::` as it caused the following error:

```
/home/haru/Desktop/repositories/mlflow/docs/source/models.rst:1634: WARNING: Definition list ends without a blank line; unexpected unindent.
```

Reviewer: @harupy I don't see the space.

>     .. note::

Reviewer: Nit: Can we move the `note` to the bottom of the `virtualenv` section?

Author: Sure!

        Virtualenv support is still experimental and may be changed in a future MLflow release.

>     Create environments using virtualenv and pyenv (for python version management). Virtualenv and
>     pyenv (for Linux and macOX) or pyenv-win (for Windows) must be installed for this mode of environment reconstruction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Create environments using virtualenv and pyenv (for python version management). Virtualenv and
    pyenv (for Linux and macOS) or pyenv-win (for Windows) must be installed for this mode of environment reconstruction.
```

Author: Thanks for the catch!

Author: Fixed!

    - `virtualenv installation instructions <https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/latest/installation.html>`_
    - `pyenv installation instructions <https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv#installation>`_
    - `pyenv-win installation instructions <https://github.com/pyenv-win/pyenv-win#installation>`_

> The ``mlflow models`` commands provide an optional arugment ``--env-manager`` to specify which environment management tool to use.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The ``mlflow models`` cli commands provide an optional ``--env-manager`` argument that selects a specific  environment management configuration to be used, as shown below: 
```

Author: Fixed!
